Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
All right. everybody.
settle down!
Good.
Now. Robby has something
important to say.
I know that this isn't easy.
We're going to help you
address any challenges
that you might be having.
If you have any concerns.
just raise your hand.
- Emma. write all this down.
- Dr. Mohan.
Medication orders aren't
coming up from the pharmacy.
Check with the clinical
pharmacist
to see if it's in the PDS.
If it's not.
then give the third copy
of the order sheet to Dr. Nordt.
We're gonna need more people
to run it down.
We'll work on it. Langdon.
I can't find
the patient clipboards.
Clipboards need to stay here
for orders and labs.
Wait. so how do
we write our notes?
Take the T sheet to the
bedside. not the whole chart.
Same goes for nursing notes.
- Princess.
- Fax machine is down.
- Error message E6.
- What the hell does that mean?
- You can check the manual.
- There isn't one.
Okay. Perlah.
why don't you take your phone
out to the base?
See if you can get service.
find a manual online.
What else?
Ogilvie. put your hand down.
Santos.
We've gotten
a few CT results back
but nothing on plain films.
That's probably
because they're all sitting
on the portable machine
not getting to radiology.
- I'll take care of this.
- You be patient.
Help each other. Thank you.
We need to call in extra help.
- At 3:00 p.m. on a holiday?
- I know people. buddy.
I have a 32-year-old woman
with severe abdominal pain.
- Do we have a bed?
- Not at the moment.
- I'll take her.
- Incoming.
Thank you.
Santos. Javadi. you're up.
Trauma one's open.
12-year-old Jude Augustin...
firecracker exploded.
nondominant left hand.
Good vitals. 25 of fent so far.
Any other injuries?
No. but seems to have
lost two of his fingers.
- Did you bring 'em?
- Blown to bits.
- It really hurts.
- I'm sure it does.
We'll do something for that.
- Parents?
- Not on scene.
Ready?
One. two. three.
Hey. Jude.
do you know your mom
or your dad's telephone number?
No. But I know my sister's.
Okay.
- Good breath sounds.
- Abdomen nontender.
Heart rate 112.
Put this around
his left forearm.
- Is that good?
- That is very good.
I want to do another 25 of fent
before we open this bandage.
Can you tell us what happened?
- My friends had firecrackers.
- 25 fent on board.
I lit one. and it went off fast.
I-I dropped it. but...
We're gonna take
your bandage off now. okay?
- I don't want to see.
- You don't have to.
Just look at me.
Okay.
Cutting.
Sorry.
You're doing great.
That looks like a lot more
than a firecracker.
More like an M-80
or a cherry bomb.
It's really good
that you dropped it.
You saved the rest of your hand.
Digits 4 and 5 avulsed.
Distal metacarpals 4 and 5
also gone with exposed bone.
Soft-tissue damage
on the palmar aspect.
less so on dorsal...
some burns on wound edges.
Jude. can you bend your
fingers for me up and down?
- Really good job.
- How bad is it?
- You lost two fingers.
But it seems like the rest
are gonna be okay.
Oh. no. I fucked up!
All right. can we do
a wrist block for the pain?
I want to do a very detailed
motor and sensory exam first.
We're gonna continue
our exam now. okay. Jude?
Okay. thanks.
ICU can take her
after the next neuro exam.
The ICU?
It's just so she
can be monitored for the rest
of the day.
4 millimeters and reactive.
Mel.
- 4 millimeters and reactive.
- Yep. got it.
I could sort of make out
your hand.
Can you cover your good eye?
How many fingers
am I holding up?
Three.
That's good news.
- So the medicine worked?
- She's out of the woods?
Um. possibly.
It's...
Okay. um. cover your eye again.
All right. what do you see?
- Top line is E.
- All right. and the next one?
Nothing.
Okay. well. that's 20/200.
Meaning?
Uh. what a healthy eye
can see at 200 feet.
she can see at 20 feet.
- Is that good?
- Yeah. It's much better.
Um. and it can continue
to improve over time.
Thank you. Dr. King.
Um. I'm gonna take a quick break
- before my deposition.
- Mm-hmm.
So I'll let Robby know
that I'm off the clock
- for the time being.
- Good luck.
Thanks.
- Mel.
- Hey.
You have a visitor in chairs.
- What? Who?
- Said she's your sister.
Becca?
Yep. You have heat exhaustion.
It usually gets better
with Aleve.
but today was really bad.
- Same pain you had before?
- Mm-hmm.
- From a cyst?
- I think so.
I have PCOS.
Is the. uh... is the pain
always on your left?
Today it is.
We will check a UA
and urine pregnancy test.
and I'll give you
a shot of Toradol.
It's something a little
stronger for the pain.
I'm not pregnant. I promise.
- No. we have to.
- It's hospital policy.
You guys still write stuff
down on paper?
Today we do. yeah.
Are you a doctor?
I've been waiting hours
to be seen.
- Quick question...
- Oh.
- Hey. watch the walker.
- This thing is useless.
- Sorry. I just. um. um...
- we're really busy.
And someone
will see you in a second.
- Becca.
- Mel. hi.
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah. I have a stomachache.
Did you see
the residential-care nurse?
She was out for the Fourth.
but I talked to her
on the phone.
She told me to come here.
and Geri brought me.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
- I'll wait for you.
- Okay.
Okay. Come on. this way.
Uh. just through here.
- Is it always like this?
- Yeah. pretty much.
Wow. There are a lot
of smelly people.
Yeah.
Are you going to help them all?
Yeah. but. um. let's start
with you first.
Okay.
- How's the pain?
- I can't feel my hand anymore.
Ancef's on board.
Okay. we're going to clean
out your hand with saline...
- salt water.
- Okay.
What's up?
Hand versus M-80.
Hmm. Surprised we've only
seen one of these.
The day's still young yet.
Lost fourth metacarpal.
mid-shaft on the fifth.
Bummer.
Hello. I'm Dr. Garcia
from surgery.
- I'm gonna have surgery?
- Yes.
The first operation is to clean
everything up
and cover where the skin
is missing.
But you still have your thumb
and your most important fingers.
- What'd you give him for pain?
- We did regional blocks.
Hand surgery always wants to
document their own neuro exam.
Sensation is intact
to light touch and pinprick
throughout the digits
in the remaining hand.
Um. yeah. FDS and FTPs
and extensor function
was all intact.
Need parental consent
for surgery.
- Yeah. we're working on that.
- Dr. Robby?
I smell alcohol on his breath.
He's in line for the OR.
Might be a little bit of a wait.
Ortho's still in
with Allen Billings...
that open shoulder dislocation
that came back from Westbridge.
He's still in surgery?
He waited an hour
to be cleared by anesthesia.
Is the insurance company
gonna cover the cost
of the surgery?
Yeah. since Westbridge
is still down.
Well. good.
because the delay in care
definitely increased the chance
of a post-op infection.
You got to love it
when insurance companies
make medical decisions.
- Hey.
- What's up?
Do you still need a rain check
for watching fireworks tonight?
I thought you were coming over.
I made other plans.
Okay. cool.
I'll try hitting you up
tomorrow.
We're just keeping
it casual. right?
For sure.
Yeah.
Thank you. Yeah. bye.
Oh. uh. hey.
I just got a hold of the sister
of the heavy patient.
Abbot's taking to Presby.
She still lives in Arizona.
but she is willing to talk
to him when he's back.
That's good news.
When do you think that might be?
Depends on how crazy
it is over at Presby.
If it's anything
like here. who knows?
Yeah.
Um. is help on the way?
Ah. ye of little faith.
You got a gumband?
Thanks. Keep losing these.
Oh. this fucking day.
Thought I was gonna get
a clean getaway for my trip.
God gives His toughest battles
to His strongest soldiers.
- Dana. is there a room open?
- This is my sister.
She's in a lot of pain.
and... and we need a bed ASAP.
My name is Becca.
not "my sister."
Sorry. right.
Um. Dana. Dr. Robby.
this is my...
my... Becca.
Nice to meet you.
You're Dr. Robby? Cool.
- Central 7 was just cleaned.
- Anything I can get you. hon?
No. thank you.
Oh. wait. Becca. Come here.
Come this way.
We're going right in here.
All right. so. um. you're gonna
need to get undressed
and get into the gown.
which should be on the bed.
Then we're gonna do an
evaluation and take a history.
That's a lot of questions.
like. like. a lot. a lot
of questions. which we'll do.
And then a physical exam.
of course.
Mel. I've been
to the doctor's before.
Right. Sorry.
I just... I-I really want this
to be done the right way.
Do you need to take that call?
- Uh. no. it's. um...
- it's a reminder alarm
for this important meeting
I have in 15 minutes.
Um. do you have to go?
Let's just get you
taken care of first. all right?
So just change into the gown.
I'll be behind the curtain.
Okay.
Your grand prize.
All I see is green. baby.
Oh. What's up with her?
- Fax machine has paper jam...
- so annoying.
Hmm.
- You want me to try?
- No.
- Oh. huzzah.
- I got it.
- What's it say?
- "Replace toner."
We live in hell.
- Oh. where can we get that?
- 1988.
- You ever seen one of these?
- Honestly. no.
How are we gonna get labs
and X-rays to the wards?
The old-fashioned way. runners.
I'll check if they
can spare a couple clerks
from upstairs.
When were you first diagnosed
with polycystic ovarian
syndrome?
Last summer.
That's when
the symptoms started?
No. I've had years of pain.
hormonal changes.
and an abnormal period.
I was finally diagnosed
after switching to a gyno
who actually listened to me.
Yeah. it can take time
to make the diagnosis.
That sounds like an excuse
for lazy doctoring.
And it doesn't help that some
of you don't listen to women.
let alone brown ones.
It hasn't been easy.
- How's your pain now?
- Better.
- What was she given?
- IM Toradol.
Have you had a transvaginal
ultrasound before?
I've lost count
of how many times.
Okay. if you want
to scoot your bottom down.
I'll help you put your feet
in the leg rests here.
Yep. you got it.
Okay. ready to go here?
Cold gel and some pressure.
Okay.
Okay. ectopic is unlikely
since the urine pregnancy
was negative.
I'm hoping
it'll be positive one day.
- Oh. are you trying?
- Not at the moment.
I'm getting married
in September.
- Oh. congratulations.
- Okay.
A bunch of small cysts...
to be expected.
But then there's one big one.
about 5 centimeters.
My gyno's been monitoring her.
Mm-hmm.
With a little bit of free fluid.
Checking blood flow
to the ovary.
Red is for artery.
Blue is for vein.
Okay. looks good.
Coming out now.
- Sorry.
- Okay.
We will be back when we get
your blood-test results.
All right. what do you think?
She probably had
a small fluid leak
from the cyst
that caused the pain
that improved
with a nonsteroidal.
- And what's your plan?
- Discharge with naproxen?
Do you think that just might
be what her doctors in the past
have done?
Well. she said
she's feeling better.
We can free up a bed.
Mm. she didn't look good
in triage.
and her pain was way more
severe than previous episodes.
I think we observe her
for a bit.
Okay.
Mr. Green. this is Dr. Mohan
and student doctor Ogilvie.
Uh. what can you tell me
about your flank pain?
Feels like another kidney stone.
You've had them before?
I said "another." which means
an additional thing
of the same type.
I teach English at Point Park.
Triggering.
My dad's a high-school
English teacher.
Oh.
Well. you went into medicine.
He must be really proud.
You'd have to ask him.
Getting back to your pain.
it feels like something
you've experienced before?
Same as always. left kidney.
Started about 10:00 p.m.
last night.
Any fever. blood in the urine?
No. Uh. no fever.
Urine's a bit darker
than normal.
Dehydration can lead
to stone formation.
Lean forward a bit. please.
- Check for CVA tenderness.
- Yeah.
All right.
Let me know if there's
any discomfort.
Mm-hmm.
- Ah!
- Sorry.
Yeah.
We'll order medication
and a few tests.
Okay.
Um. dip urine. Chem Seven.
bedside ultrasound
to check for hydro.
- and ketorolac for pain.
- Sounds good.
Okay.
Really putting me to work.
It's been a very busy day.
Dr. Barker.
Call me Nick.
- What's all this?
- I brought radiology to us.
Dr. Barker. Nick. will have
wet-read results for us
- in no time.
- Good idea.
- Thank you.
- "Wet read"?
You ever take
a photography class?
Yeah. in. like. middle school.
So. before digital
technology. X-ray films
were physically developed
in a darkroom. in baths.
thus wet read.
Oh. cool.
He's taking up a lot of space.
Got an update from Dylan
on our abandoned baby.
CYF has requested an emergency
custody authorization.
Once we get a court order. we
can place her in foster care.
I love photography.
- Jesus Christ.
- Dr. Robby?
Dr. Robby. can I borrow
you for a second?
Sure. What can I do for you?
Well. she said she
has a stomachache.
but belly pain can mean a lot
of different things...
- Okay. okay. okay. breathe.
- I'm looking for Dr. Mel King.
Yes?
I'm Morgan Stiles. one
of the hospital's attorneys.
I'm here to escort you upstairs
for your deposition.
Right now?
Morgan. can I borrow Dr. King
for just a moment?
Sure.
It's gonna be fine.
I can't go up now
because of Becca.
You probably shouldn't be
caring for Becca.
It's not a good idea
to care for family members.
It's hard to stay objective.
Let's see who's available.
Hey. are you free?
Is anybody really free?
Not an R2.
Ah. just the guy
we were looking for.
- Need something?
- Yes.
- Uh-huh. mm-hmm.
- Sure.
Dr. King's sister
has a bellyache.
- The case is now yours.
- Sure.
You can pick up
the rest of her patients
while she's doing
her deposition.
How am I supposed to catch up
on my outstanding charts
with extra patients
and the computer system down?
The same way
that the rest of us do.
You can finish your charting
when you finish your shift.
Fucking fantastic.
- Hi. Becca.
- Hi.
Um. This is Dr. Langdon.
He'll be taking care of you.
You have really nice hair.
Dr. Langdon.
Thank you.
Mel. would you mind turning off
the lights on your way out?
Of course.
And. um. I'll be back
as soon as I'm done.
And feel free to call me
if anything comes up.
- because I can come right...
- Don't... don't worry.
- Becca's in good hands.
- I know.
Okay.
Mel says lots of nice things
about you.
Okay.
Um...
tell me the reason
you're here today.
I have a stomachache.
Your belly hurts? Where about?
- Right. um... right down here.
- Okay.
Are you experiencing
anything else.
or is it just the stomachache?
It... it stings when I pee.
Sometimes when that happens.
women feel like they need
to urinate all the time.
- Do you feel that way?
- Yes.
And what happens when you go?
Hardly anything comes out.
That's what I thought.
Really? How do you know?
Well. I've seen
a lot of patients
- with the same symptoms.
- So this is normal?
Yes. it's totally normal.
But we still need to fix it.
Okay.
Hey.
How's it going. Roxy?
- A little better.
- Yeah?
You need more morphine?
I've been in pain
all this time. my love.
Why didn't you tell me?
I didn't want you guys to worry.
I can't pretend anymore.
Mom. it's so hot outside.
the ice cream's melting.
We. uh...
we thought we'd indulge a bit.
- Oh. yeah.
- Ooh.
Looks amazing.
So. uh. which flavor
should we start with?
Salty caramel. Mom's favorite.
You'll need lots more napkins.
Mmm.
Rude.
- How's it going in there?
- All good.
Langdon's great with her.
I got seven more films
ordered. waiting to be shot.
but Dr. Nick here's tying up
the machine.
Isn't there a USB port
on the front of that portable?
And can't we just download
the films to a workstation
and watch them
without the Internet?
- Yes.
- Oh. right. Forgot about that.
Is he actually helping.
or is he just distracting?
Let's download these
and start moving on to folks
- waiting for X-rays.
- Great. I'm caught up anyway.
I'll be back
when the next batch is ready.
Dr. Robby. the guardian
of your missing-fingers kid
- in Central 12 has arrived.
- Thank you. Olive.
Will you ask Dr. Santos
to come and meet me. too?
- On it.
- Who's in South 22?
- Nobody.
- Headache was discharged.
Tell that
to the lady on the bed.
What lady?
I just tried to put
a hematuria patient in there.
- but. uh. it's occupied.
- South 22? You sure?
- I'm positive.
- That's my patient.
Then why isn't she on the board?
I... She should be.
Olive was bringing her back
from triage.
I picked her right up.
I just assumed
she made it to the board.
- You should've checked.
- You should've made sure.
I-I haven't put anybody
on the board.
- I thought the nurses did that.
- We all need to pitch in.
There's no rooms at the moment.
Put hematuria on the wall.
- Who's your patient?
- Mrs. Burns. with nausea.
- I've ordered labs and X-rays.
- Who are you seeing her with?
I still need
to present the case.
Get busy. Find somebody
with MD after their name.
Oh. God. kids.
Hello. I'm Dr. Robby.
This is Dr. Santos.
- Chantal.
- How do you do?
We've been caring
for your brother.
Are you Jude's legal guardian?
Yeah.
Our. uh... our parents
aren't around.
- Is he going to be okay?
- He got very lucky.
He lost the fourth
and fifth fingers
on his nondominant hand.
But if he hadn't dropped
the firecracker.
it would have been a lot worse.
He lost fingers
from a firecracker?
Will he be able to use his hand?
Yes. he still has his
three most important fingers.
and they are fully functional.
He'll need surgery
to clean everything up.
but it should heal well.
What the fuck were you thinking?
I'm sorry.
Alex asked me to come over.
His brother had
a stack of fire...
You think I wanted
to blow my hand off?
Then you need to listen to me
when I tell you something.
You're not my mom.
You think I want to be your mom?
Chantal. why don't
we take a step outside?
So I know that this can be
very stressful.
Yeah. he almost lost
his hand being stupid.
- He's a really sweet kid.
- He used to be.
We also found something
in his blood work.
What?
He has a blood alcohol of 0.08.
What. he was drunk?
Are you fucking kidding me?
- Does he drink regularly?
- No.
I... I don't know. I...
The boys
at our apartment complex
are a really bad influence.
I mean. he's only 12.
That is what concerns us.
A positive blood alcohol
immediately triggers
a social service consult.
They gonna take
my brother away from me?
It's an evaluation
to determine if the injury
and the drinking is cause
for some kind of intervention.
Whoa. whoa.
I won't let you separate us.
- We are required to...
- No!
Hmm.
58-year-old woman with nausea.
vomited once after eating warm
potato salad at a barbecue.
Well-hydrated...
abdomen's pretty benign.
just a little distended
with mild tenderness.
History of constipation.
I give her Zofran.
Labs and abdominal
series pending.
- Okay. let's take a look.
- Okay.
Hi. Mrs. Burns.
This is Dr. Whitaker.
How are you feeling?
Mrs. Burns?
Mrs. Burns. can you open
your eyes for me?
She was awake and alert
last time I saw her.
Okay. uh. feels warm.
thready pulse.
Abdomen's more distended
than before.
Okay. uh. agonal respirations.
- She's... she's hardly breathing.
- It's kind of rigid.
Yeah. yeah. Perlah.
we need a crash cart.
Can you call respiratory?
Pull the bed out
for intubation. please.
I can give you guys some room.
- Okay.
- What's up?
- Hypotensive. acute abdomen.
- She needs an airway.
- I'll find the GlideScope.
- No time for that.
We've got direct
on the crash cart.
- Whitaker. you're up.
- I haven't done many directs.
Well. then you need to do more.
- Induction meds?
- 100 ketamine. 80 of raw.
Javadi. what's the story?
Presented
with mild abdominal pain.
took a turn for the worse.
A-fib 122. BP 98 and systolic.
Okay. let's bolus
another 500 cc's.
- Are we shocking her?
- Uh. maybe. After intubation.
Check your light.
Check your balloon.
Javadi. AP pads in case
we need to cardiovert.
- Normal EKG at triage.
- She wasn't in A-fib.
Stress from her condition
probably put her there.
Good? Let's roll her.
- Do we have any labs back?
- I don't think so.
- What else do we need?
- Um. blood cultures.
Lactate. 2 liters LR.
3.375 pip-tazo.
Okay. she's loose.
Go ahead. Whitaker. Take a look.
Okay.
- Hi. I'm Dr. Santos.
- This is student doctor Kwon.
How are you doing
after the mist?
Better than I was an hour ago.
Okay. we are going
to check your vitals.
Temp is 100.2.
and heart rate is 96.
Okay. down from 101.5 and 120.
Very good.
You were out in the heat
in that costume?
Yeah. with about 18.000
of my friends.
- Were you at Anthrocon?
- Uh-huh.
What's that?
Pittsburgh's annual
furry convention.
I go every year.
Ever been?
- Uh. it's not really my scene.
- Mm.
Yeah. furries get a bad rap.
but there are great people
in the community...
creative. welcoming. funny.
I actually met my girlfriend
at last year's convention.
Oh. that's cute.
She gave me hope after
struggling on the dating apps.
Nice to hear
that meeting people
in real life still works.
Wouldn't recommend it.
especially at work.
You should come
to Anthrocon this weekend.
Doesn't she need
a fur suit for that?
I think you'd make
a good dragon.
I'm in.
Balloon up.
Yep. bag her.
Okay.
- That was harder without video.
- We won't always have video.
A-fib now at 152.
Blood pressure's
down to 76 over 44.
- Okay. Javadi. sync mode.
- Javadi. sync mode. 200. please.
Good end tidal waveform.
Good breath sounds bilaterally.
Charged for cardioversion.
Everyone. clear.
- Normal sinus.
- Normal radial pulse.
Good. Keep the fluids going.
Let's see what labs
are back on her.
Nice.
Very nice.
- What did you order?
- Um. CBC. ER chem panel.
- Something should be back.
- Fax machine ran out of toner.
- Check the chart.
- There is no chart in slot 22.
Check the orders rack.
Nothing here either.
Where's the chart
for Claire Burns?
Claire Burns. order slip.
Never drawn.
never sent off to the lab.
That's cause the patient
wasn't on the board.
Nurses are working zones.
If the patient's not
on the board. they don't exist.
So they didn't shoot her X-ray?
- X-ray downtime box is empty.
- That means it was done.
Then it's
on the portable machine.
Last I saw. it was headed north.
- Thanks. Dana.
- Yep.
Hey. Kenny.
can you wait up a sec?
If you need an X-ray.
write the order.
Fill out a downtime.
Did you shoot a KUB in South 22?
No. Maybe another tech did?
Okay. can you flick
through the films.
look for a patient... Burns?
Oh. shit.
Oh. that is a classic
sigmoid volvulus.
- Peritoneal signs.
- Okay. call the OR.
She's going to need
surgery ASAP.
Urine shows three plus blood.
No surprise.
BUN and creatinine are normal.
No evidence
of renal insufficiency.
I got a good look
at the left kidney...
mild hydronephrosis consistent
with ureteral column.
How was the rest
of the ultrasound?
Normal. Uh. Pain improved
after 15 ketorolac IM.
Now you can give
another 15 and observe.
Hmm.
Just need you
to cosign my order.
Thank you.
Something on your mind?
Yeah. I-I saw this regular
an hour ago.
He's in his 60s.
fakes an ailment
so he can come in to chat
every now and then
because he's really lonely.
You sure he just doesn't have
a crush on you?
Maybe. but it got me thinking
about my mom.
She's probably just been lonely.
Yeah.
You know. I. uh...
I haven't really dated
since my divorce.
Medical school.
my kid. residency.
And now I'm feeling
finally kind of ready.
I was waiting
until I got back to Jersey
to work on finding
a relationship.
and now that's out the window.
Maybe I waited too long.
For what?
Do you hear that?
That painful. lonely silence
is the sound of my eggs dying.
Ah.
So the rash in North 3
has been discharged.
The Tasered law student
in Central 10
has gone up to psych.
The eye stroke is
now in the ICU.
And the tongue laceration
in South 15
is sobering up
before we discharge.
which better be soon
because we need the room.
Okay. I'll grab a med student
and get more patients
moving out.
You're not fazed
by any of this chaos?
- Hmm.
- What a fucking mess.
Jesus Christ. we need you.
Monica Peters. this is our new
attending. Dr. Al-Hashimi.
- Welcome.
- Thank you.
Monica's a retired clerk.
best of the best.
She was kind enough
to come in on a holiday
and help get us back into shape.
Laid off
by the digital revolution.
- not retired.
- Okay.
And how's all this digital
shit working out for you now?
- Not so good.
- Exactly.
All right. then. who's handling
- the charts and the orders?
- That's us. right here.
How long have you been clerks?
- Uh. just today.
- We're medical assistants.
Then get out of my space
and go do something
you know how to do.
And no personal calls.
Red phones are
for emergencies only.
This is a hospital.
for God's sake.
I'll call you back.
- Got a gumband?
- Yeah.
Hi. I'm Makedah
from admin and records.
I have a new badge
for a Dr. Whitaker.
Yeah. I'll get that to him.
Heard you all
need extra runners?
- Perfect timing.
- How fast can you move?
- I run marathons.
- Great.
Grab the blood samples and the
bin and get them up to the lab.
I want a lab run
every 15 minutes.
Got it.
I work at a shoe store
in Oakland.
Full-time and you're in school?
Yes. and. yes.
Allegheny Community.
Does Jude go
to summer school or camp
while you're
at. uh. work or school?
Can't afford it.
Are there any other
family members
that could help with his care
when you're not available?
No.
Chantal. we want to help you.
but we can't help
if you won't talk to us.
What. you're
gonna take Jude away
and put him in foster care?
I promised my parents
that would never happen.
Did your parents pass away?
Nope.
What happened to them?
My parents were deported
to Haiti nine months ago.
They went in for their
immigration hearing and were...
detained.
I was a sophomore at Ithaca.
I had to move back home
to take care of my brother.
I'm sorry.
It was either that. or he
moved back to Haiti with them.
He's never been there.
We were both born here.
My mom was so excited
when I got into college.
She worked so hard
to save up and pay my tuition.
And now all she wants
is for my brother
to finish high school.
Man. being a big sister's
a lot easier
than being a surrogate mom.
Just give us a moment. please.
and I'll come grab you
when we're done.
Do we really need to get
family services involved?
You wanted to get
them involved this morning
with your eight-year-old
ITP patient.
- That's different.
- Abuse trumps neglect.
We can't separate her
from her brother.
It's not right.
A lot of what happens to
people around here isn't right.
McKay. patient's
complaining of pain.
Uh. yeah.
Hey. Amaya. What's going on?
Oh. it really
fucking hurts again.
Hey. Jesse.
can you grab Whitaker?
- When did it get bad?
- Two minutes ago. Aah!
Giving you some morphine
to take the edge off.
- How severe. 1 to 10?
- Ah. 12. It's way worse.
Okay.
Hey. Amaya. the meds
will kick in.
and we'll get you back
on the foot rest
to see what's going on. okay?
I had to call her husband
in New York to get consent.
Okay.
Dr. Shamsi will be operating.
If she presented
with peritoneal signs.
why wasn't I called?
There was
a delayed presentation.
The X-ray was shot an hour ago.
Why didn't anybody read it?
There was confusion
with the digital systems down.
It wasn't read.
We didn't get a report.
An hour ago. I could have
fixed this in 60 seconds
with a rectal tube.
Now she needs major surgery.
- I'm sorry.
- Not good enough. nepo baby.
You fucked up.
Don't trust anything or anybody
else when the system's down.
With all the chaos. she
just fell through the cracks.
She almost died.
I could have killed her.
- Whitaker.
- No...
McKay needs you in Central 11.
We caught it in time.
We won't let it
happen again. okay?
Oh. uh. Princess
is looking for you.
Um. she said something
about Monica under her breath.
- but I couldn't make it out.
- Okay. I'll be back in a sec.
Hey. Hey.
You did good with that
sexual-assault victim.
You were amazing with her.
We do what we can to provide
the best care
to traumatized people
in their darkest days.
What'd you talk to her about
when you took her out
on the walk?
I. um...
told her there might be a time
in the future
when she changes her mind.
wants to press charges.
It's better to have
the option to do it than not.
Smart.
Is every day like this?
Minus the cyberattacks. yeah.
But you're only a few hours away
from being done
with your first of many.
Be proud of that.
You're gonna want to be
on a soft diet.
so. uh. things
like. uh. mashed potatoes.
soup. mac and cheese are good.
I was gonna make
your favorite
three-bean dip tonight.
Bitch. that is so nice.
See. I am nice.
Could she have that?
Uh. yeah. Yeah. yeah.
if you eat it with a spoon
rather than anything.
like. crunchy
that could work its way
into the laceration.
Mm.
So she'll need to be spoon-fed?
Antibiotics three times a day.
Come back here in two days
for a wound check.
See you then. Doctor.
Checking blood flow
to the ovary.
- Something wrong?
- Intermittent torsion.
What's that?
I'm coming out now.
We will slide you back. Thanks.
Your ovary is twisting
and cutting off
the blood supply.
That's what's been causing
your pain.
Ah. You said the blood supply
was fine before.
Sometimes the ovary
can twist randomly.
In those cases.
the pain can come and go.
- Can you fix it?
- With surgery.
"Surgery"?
The ovary needs to be untwisted
and tacked down with a stitch
so this doesn't happen again.
If we can get you upstairs
quickly. we can save it.
I could lose my ovary?
Will I still be able
to have a baby?
This shouldn't be
an issue in the future.
Dr. McKay made the right call
to keep you in the ER
for observation
so we could catch it
if the pain returned.
Thank you.
- I'll call GYN.
- Yeah.
- Hey. welcome back.
- How was the trip?
- Smooth sailing.
- Presby's pretty nice.
I might have to pick up
some day shifts over there.
Dr. Abbot's funny.
Trust me. his charm wears off.
- No. it doesn't.
- He's not sedated?
I gave him Versed for
the CT scan on the ride back.
but I figured he'd need to be
awake and alert
- to give consent.
- "Consent"?
- Yep.
- We're going to get you settled.
Why don't you page Garcia
to come down?
- Dr. Robby.
- You got this?
- You know I got it.
- Yep.
All right. Howard.
Hey. I want to debrief
with you later
on your sigmoid volvulus
patient.
I finished with your
fireworks kid's sister.
- And?
- She's a responsible
young woman
and a good guardian to Jude.
There is no reason to get
family services involved today.
That's good.
Because he's
in the hospital for surgery.
but they will most likely make
a home visit next week
to evaluate the safety
of their apartment
and the care
that Chantal can provide.
along with her
other responsibilities.
And then what? They take Jude?
In my experience. they'll
make the same assessment I did.
They don't like
to separate siblings.
Anything else we can do for 'em?
I'll get some resources
together for Chantal...
summer after-school programs.
But there might come a point
when he'd be better off
with his parents in Haiti.
His parents want him
to stay here.
It's what's best for the child.
- Says who?
- Dr. Santos.
Come on.
- Welcome back. Mr. Knox.
- What did we discover?
Diverticular abscess
that progressed to perforation.
now with free air
under the diaphragm.
In English. please?
There's a small hole
in the colon
that's spilling bacteria
into the abdomen.
You're likely to develop
peritonitis and sepsis.
How bad?
You need surgery now.
You have a 100% chance
of death without it.
With it?
50% chance.
I could die?
Yes. but we're very good
at what we do.
That is what the consent is for.
What about my sister?
- We found her.
- She'd like to speak with you.
We don't have time for that.
Any delay increases
your mortality risks.
I want
to talk to my sister first.
We're gonna make
that happen for you.
I'll have them prep an OR.
but make it fast. very fast.
Yeah. We're on the move
again. Howard.
Hey.
The ice cream party over?
Yes.
Do you need anything?
A time machine.
That'd be nice. wouldn't it?
I don't even know
what hurts more...
the cancer or...
Knowing I'm never gonna see
my sons grow up.
It feels like a cruel joke.
Why give me children
and a husband I adore
if you're just gonna
take them away from me?
For what? Fucking lung cancer.
I didn't even smoke.
Do you believe in God?
I like the concept.
I'm sure you've seen
a lot of death.
I have seen my share.
Any advice?
I've never died before.
Hey. sorry. W-we're outside.
There's. um... there's no
cell service inside right now.
but. um. here he is.
Oh. my God.
Are you all right?
Been better.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
You're not looking so hot.
Thank you for calling back.
Of course.
I'm sorry
that it's been this long.
All the stuff with Dad
and the drinking. I...
I had to do what was best
for me and Tommy.
How is Tommy?
Starting his junior year
in high school next month.
16 and already has a girlfriend.
Takes after his uncle.
Maybe we can make a plan
for you to see each other
over the holidays.
I'd love that.
Is the doctor there?
Hi. I'm Dr. Abbot.
Can you call me
when he gets out of surgery?
Of course. but right now we
need to get him up to the OR.
I understand. Thanks.
Talk to you soon. Howard.
Oh. I forgot to tell him
I love him.
Oh. wow.
Monica?
Welcome back.
Robinavitch.
- Two for the lab. three for CT.
- I'll take those.
- They need me upstairs.
- On it for CT.
You run a tight ship.
Well. it's a work in progress.
- Is he going up?
- Yeah.
He's a good guy.
Our surgeons
will get him through.
I like her.
More than me?
Only time will tell.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
She has good command
of staff and procedures.
I think you're leaving your day
shift in very capable hands.
I hope so.
All right. I'm out of here. man.
I got to be back
in a few hours for my shift.
Well. hey. if I don't see you...
You're really doing this still?
I don't think I can remember
the last time
you took three days off
in a row.
I've taken a vacation before.
Name the last one.
Point taken.
It's gonna be a lot of time
to self-reflect.
You sure you can handle that?
Okay.
You just make sure
you come back.
And if it gets dark.
you call me.
You listening?
So the ankle's negative
for fracture.
Wait. go back to the ankle.
You see the normal mortise?
Yeah. but the tibiofibular
clear space looks enlarged.
and the tibiofibular overlap
seems reduced.
Maybe a little.
8 millimeters. 3 millimeters.
Seems like a tear
in the syndesmotic ligaments.
Doesn't that need
surgical fixation?
They do. I can request an MRI.
Um. have you done
a radiology clerkship before?
No. I'm just that good.
I'm good at things. too.
Really great work
earlier today. Doctor.
Huh.
Ow. wow.
- You can just call me Whitaker.
- Not a chance.
You earned that.
I'm proud of you.
We all are.
Thank you.
- Busy day.
- Oh. yeah.
So you're
a very empathetic soul.
- Yeah. I'd like to think...
- I'm not finished yet.
And you want to be there
for all your patients.
- Don't you?
- Shh.
Sorry.
So this relationship
that you're having
with this woman. um.
the widow of the burn victim
- who died last year.
- Amy.
Santos tell you?
I understand
you're helping her out.
Yeah. on the farm.
I grew up on one. and Amy's...
Mrs. Miller is getting
pressure to sell.
so I'm just helping out.
What about her friends
and family?
Yeah. they're around.
Supporting her?
Yeah. I think they try to.
but. mostly.
she's just leaning on...
me.
I'm sure she's really grateful
for everything that you do.
but it's important
to have boundaries.
Yeah.
Hey. you want to do me a favor?
Yeah?
You want to house-sit for me
while I'm gone?
You'd actually be
helping me out.
and you could save
some money on rent.
Are you being serious?
No smoking. no parties.
no pets. no babies.
yours or anybody else's.
- I don't have a baby.
- No. but she does.
I was going to ask Abbot. but
he does nude yoga at sunrise.
and I don't think some
of my elderly neighbors
would survive seeing that.
Yeah.
Yeah. t-that would be amazing...
the house-sitting.
not seeing Abbot's naked yoga.
If I don't come back. you got
a swinging bachelor pad.
Okay.
Come find me before you leave.
I'll give you my keys
and the security code.
Okay.
Who's the joker that did this?
Oh.
We need some help out there.
You two. make sure
to double-check your work.
Triage could use an extra hand.
Princess. finish up here.
then head that way.
- Three for CT now.
- Should I run it over?
No. Keep taking off orders.
CT's gonna get backed up
if we wait on these.
I know. but I can't waste
a runner on that right now.
Where'd you find
a carrier sheet?
Exactly where I filed it away
ten years ago.
I thought that thing
didn't work.
Can't receive. but it can send.
Stay hydrated. preferably
with electrolyte-rich drinks
- like coconut water.
- I'm not a fan of coconuts.
Okay. Gatorade's also an option.
Just avoid alcohol and
caffeine. and I suggest wearing
- light. breathable clothing.
- Boring.
Come back
if your symptoms worsen.
if you develop
a headache or confusion.
Okay.
Mm. You sure about that?
Hey. could you turn that up?
Have responded to a deadly
waterslide collapse
at a local water park.
Now. we're told there's
at least one fatality.
with multiple injuries.
- Oh. shit.
- And they're all coming to us.
Currently being airlifted
to the hospital by heli...
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm